this is not the the earth brothers no
there is not that gunfight took place on
our brothers took place to two of the
screw is gunfighters you ever heard go
something like this
the nightmare again
why he cut the disperse damn it and
shoot you who tried to rip
there was pigs a tree he did as he
pleased everything it was land they said
if he wants to kill it
they don't make it man
so the good landscape the cowgirl patch
was hurting she was hot the trailer that
killer hope that you call playing see
the killer killed her Debbie just for
spending the road don't have to kill her
daddy wants to get that gal feel
I can
she loaded the table find that metal
Danny
killing in town a daybreak Kate the
daughter of the local saloon these
pattern in pre-kg battalion was thinking
their showdown
- all this - at church when the killer
stepped down for the drop
40 people fell
yeah the killer missed each other
now on a human took a step towards Paddy
he said it's too Gundy down
but he slipped in something was looking
in the road he was shot mystic killer
slipped and it cost him his life
a fatty said issue
you gotta watch your stick when you know
the chips
we hide a cow patty zero into town to
find my killer Jenny